                   PiBot 3D Printer Firmware
Copyright 2013-2014 Guilin BanDao ELE TEC Co ,.Ltd.
Original Writer: Littwin & Thomas Pan 

License

1 Notice:
	a. Without permission, the firmware can not be used for commercial operations.  
	b. When you find the defects and deficiencies in this firmware, please email to:  
 	    panxinlong7373@gmail.com

2 Support and Updates:

 The licensor is not obligated to provide support, fix bugs or provide 
 updates. In what type and frequency this happens is solely the responsibility 
 of the licensor

3 Restrictions:

 The newly developed codes firmware is based on PiBot firmware version 0.90 with Apache
 License, Version 2.0. 

4 Warranty restriction:

 The firmware is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either 
 express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties 
 of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, fitness for a particular 
 purpose, or non-infringement. The Licensor does not give any guarantee or 
 warranty to the accuracy or completeness of the firmware and the provided 
 functions. The licensor is not liable for any damages or viruses, trojans, 
 malware or other malicious firmware that result from the use of the firmware. 
 The program was written by the licensor to the best of knowledge and belief 
 without malicious programs.

5 Limitation of Liability:

 The author of this program is not liable for damage to firmware or hardware, 
 or property damage caused by the use of the program, unless they are based 
 on gross negligence or intent on the part of the author, his agents or his 
 legal representatives.

6 Warning: 

 3D printers contain parts that are very hot and can cause a fire in
 case of errors or misuse. Therefore, 3D printers may only be operated 
 under constant supervision. Also, toxins can be set free upon melting 
 the filament depending on the material. Contact the manufacturer of the 
 filament to ask for risks and dangers. The 3D printer may therefore be 
 used only in well-ventilated areas.

7 Privacy Policy:

 The firmware not connect to web servers. It will not transmit personal data, 
 statistics or files.

8 Third-Party library:

 This firmware contains or is accompanied by third-party library, data or 
 other materials, which supplement the PiBot-firmware functionality. For 
 these programs, the licenses of the library applies. By accepting this 
 license, you acknowledge and agree that you comply with the third-party 
 terms and conditions and that the licensor has no responsibility and gives 
 no warrenties for third-party library. You find these terms and conditions 
 on the third-party web pages or in the about boxes.
